[MUSIC PLAYING]
WIM: Hi, and welcome to
week four of our Haskell course.
And this week we
have two topics.
First, we will look at
some more advanced patterns
of computation based on
using functions as values.
As an example we
will look at parsing.
Parsing is the
process of analyzing
text of a natural language
or programming language
according to the rules
of the formal grammar.
You will learn to use parsec.
This is a Haskell
library built out
of what is called monadic
parser combinators.
And this might sound
very complicated,
but it's really just a way of
combining tiny building blocks
into very powerful parts.
The other topic of week
four is program structure.
When you start building
more complicated programs,
then you have to start thinking
a bit more carefully about how
you structure your program.
We will first look
at a program scope.
And scoping is the
real key feature
that you use to create
modular programs.
And then we will
look at conditionals.
You have already learned the
if-then-else conditional,
but sometimes that's not really
the best way to structure
your program with
conditional expressions,
and therefore
Haskell provides you
with a large number
of alternatives,
and we will visit all of them.
Hope you like this
week and see you soon.